add cuav pixhawk V6X (#2054)
PX4/PX4-user_guide: en/flight_controller/pixhawk_v6x.md

# CUAV Pixhawk V6X

:::warning
PX4 does not manufacture this (or any) autopilot.
Contact the [manufacturer](https://store.cuav.net/) for hardware support or compliance issues.
:::

*Pixhawk V6X*<sup>&reg;</sup> is the latest update to the successful family of Pixhawk® flight controllers designed and made in collaboration with CUAV<sup>&reg;</sup> and the PX4 team.

It is based on the [Pixhawk​​® Autopilot FMUv6X Standard](https://github.com/pixhawk/Pixhawk-Standards/blob/master/DS-012%20Pixhawk%20Autopilot%20v6X%20Standard.pdf), [Autopilot Bus Standard](https://github.com/pixhawk/Pixhawk-Standards/blob/master/DS-010%20Pixhawk%20Autopilot%20Bus%20Standard.pdf), and [Connector Standard](https://github.com/pixhawk/Pixhawk-Standards/blob/master/DS-009%20Pixhawk%20Connector%20Standard.pdf).

![Pixhawk V6X](../../assets/flight_controller/pixhawk_v6x/pixhawk_v6x.jpg)

:::tip
This autopilot is [supported](../flight_controller/autopilot_pixhawk_standard.md) by the PX4 maintenance and test teams.
:::

Pixhawk*<sup>&reg;</sup> v6x brings you the ultimate performance experience and high stability and reliability in all aspects.

> - Arm® Cortex®-M7 processor (STM32H753) with Floating Point Unit (FPU), 480Mhz high-speed operations and 2M flsh; Developers can be more productive and efficient with their development work, allowing for complex algorithms and models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Arm® Cortex®-M7 processor (STM32H753) with Floating Point Unit (FPU), 480Mhz high-speed operations and 2MB flash; Developers can be more productive and efficient with their development work, allowing for complex algorithms and models.
```
